# Project1

Submitted by
1. Shubham Shukla - UFID-4124-3903
2. Srishti Prakash Mishra - UFID-8933-7966

**Description**
THE project is divided into separate modules of client, and server.
Client module handles all the bitcoin mining processes right form random number generation to creating hash value, and then checking the hash value
for leading zeros. 
Server handles the calls from the client and prints the details on the console and it also maintains state, which is later
used by other clients to get the appropiate value of leading zeros.
Two random numbers have been appended to the gator id to craete an input string. Random numbers are generated by the crypto module of Erlang, and is then encoded Base16. This string is then passed as an input to sha256. We then print all these values on the console. 
When a new client is added

## Installation

If [available in Hex](https://hex.pm/docs/publish), the package can be installed
by adding `project1` to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

```elixir
def deps do
  [
    {:project1, "~> 0.1.0"}
  ]
end
```

Documentation can be generated with [ExDoc](https://github.com/elixir-lang/ex_doc)
and published on [HexDocs](https://hexdocs.pm). Once published, the docs can
be found at [https://hexdocs.pm/project1](https://hexdocs.pm/project1).

#ToD0
#1. Size of the work unit that you determined results in best performance for your implementation and an explanation on how you determined it. Size of the work unit refers to the number of sub-problems that a worker gets in a single request from the boss. 
100000 gave us CPU Utilization of maximum 387%. user time/real time = 2.8s

#2.The result of running your program for ./project1 4 -
1000000 with an input of k=4 gave us 
real	1m12.902s
user	0m45.859s
sys	0m3.361s
user time/real time = 3.557

#3.The running time for the above as reported by time for the above, i.e. run time ./project1 5 and report the time -
1000000  with an input of k=5 gave us:
real	1m14.594s
user	0m44.879s
sys	0m2.577s
ratio = 3.0751

#4. The coin with the most 0s you managed to find- k=5
4124-3903;485E969529422EA1824313F940C736A05E4C8FA4  

#5. The largest number of working machines you were able to run your code with 
2